You have to collect oxygen bubbles.

You have an oxygen tank

Your breath runs out slowly and more quickly as you move

You have to collect "Breath Bubbles" before your oxygen runs out.

However every time you collect a breath bubble, you lose an air tank holder and you only have fifteen.

As you get closer to drowning, the heart beat gets much louder and slower. Everything
starts going black and washy until you eventually go unconscious. The player also becomes
harder to control, slower.

The level is finishes when you either run out of oxygen and drown or when you collect all the 10 red bubbles.

Then you proceed to the next level, however the remaining 'red bubbles' that you failed to
collect get taken from your lives.

Game over when you lose all your lives.

The aim of the game is to manage to collect all 10 'red bubbles' in each level, thus proceeding
to the next level without losing any lives.

So the level finishes when one of the following conditions is met
'Run out of oxygen'
'Run out of oxygen tanks'
'All red bubbles collected'

The game is beaten when the player successfully collects all 100 'red bubbles'. 
Beat all ten levels, each containing 10 red bubbles.

--------------------------------

You can choose when to take a breath from the oxygen.
The longer you go without taking a breath the more crazy the game becomes, that is, it starts becoming
shaky, and fady, and music starts going fade, and the controls become hard. 
When the player takes a deep breath, (the longer they hold down the breath in button the bigger the breath).
A huge breath that fully refills the players makes them high and the game goes into super clear bullet
time. That is the bigger the breath the strong the bullet time. Here the music is also changed, its extremely clear. 
Each time the player takes a breath though, oxygen is lost from the tank. So the player
has to be sure to be careful how they spend their oxygen.

The player can collect 'bubbles' a bubble is collected by the player spare air tank however
to equip it means losing the current air tank. The player only has three spare air tanks.

The player has to swim around and collect all ten 'red bubbles' to beat the level before running out 
of oxygen.

