Line Rider - Game Design Document
----------------------------------

Overview
--------
The aim of the game is navigate the player from the left side of the screen to the right. The player can only
move horizontally. Each level has obstacles to avoid or puzzles to solve (or both). As the game progresses
the levels become more difficult. In some levels the player has control over two avatars (at the same time) and
has to ensure that they both reach the right side of the screen. 

Puzzles and Buttons
-------------------
Some levels contain buttons which when pressed cause some effect to the level, for example - freezing a block for
five seconds. The button appears somewhere on the screen and the user has to press it.
Timed Button: A timed button contains a display showing how much time is remaining.
Switch Button: Displays whether or not the button is on or off.


Background
----------
The idea of the game is to invoke the imagination of the player rather than resorting to graphics. I 
use blocks to show characters and empty backgrounds. 

I use the story to invoke the imagination of the player. The game becomes just as much about 
uncovering the story as it does about playing the game. 

The gameplay is limited to animated blocks. The player has to work out secrets to continue.


Level Types
-----------
Standard - Left to Right 
The player simply navigates the avatar/s through obstacles to the right side of the screen.
    
Puzzle
The player has to solve a puzzle to reach the end


Game Modes
----------
Continue - (Continue from the level that you are up to)
Level Select - (Select a previously completed level) (Each level displays the best time completed in)
Single Life - (How far can you get with only one life?) [Highest score]


Freshness and Level Uniqueness
------------------------------
One requirement of each level is that it requires a quality that makes it unique from any
previous levels. The player will become bored if they have beat the same level multiple times.


Afterward
---------
The beautiful thing about block run is its simplicity. Due to this simplicity, as the developer I am
forced to make the most of the tools that I have which are the variety of tweens supplied by Itween.
This makes the game an extremely valuable learning resource for getting to know the different types of
tweens and the effect that they have on the game. Tweening is what brings the game to life like in animation.


Game Structure
--------------
In total there are 50 levels. Each level gets progressively more difficult.

Level Components
----------------
- Obstacles
  Basic things to avoid

- Key Collection
  In key collection levels the player must collect a certain number of keys to continue
    
- Time Remaining
  In timed levels the player only has a certain amount of time to complete the level
  
- Puzzle
  Puzzle level contain a puzzle that the player must solve to proceed
  
- Block Count
  The number of blocks that the player has to manage.


Advertisements?
---------------
Play very rarely and not in the beginning stages of the game and only occur when the player dies.



Gameplay
---------------
Button
When the player reaches a button it will appear at the bottom of the screen for the player to press. 
Simply walking over it does not press it.

Trigger
A trigger is activated when the player walks over it.









 
